Close #345: Update "Getting Started" based on PravdaProgramTemplate (#346)
expload/pravda: doc/getting-started.md

```

Now the poor guy is not so poor. Great job!

## Getting started with Pravda Programs

### Importing Project Template

> To use project template, you will need [.NET Core SDK 2.1](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/dotnet-core/2.1).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use project template you will need [.NET Core SDK 2.1](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/dotnet-core/2.1).  
```

Create a directory for your project and run inside it:  
```bash
# Let's assume project directory is called "MyProject"
# And you're running `dotnet new` inside it

dotnet new -i Expload.PravdaProgramTemplate

> dotnet new pravdaprogram

Reviewer: add `--name` parameter

```
Now your directory contains:

>  - `MyProject.cs` - main program file. The one in the project template is a sample of a simple token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `MyProject.cs` - main program file. By default it contains simple program with `HelloWorld` method.```

>  - `MyProject.csproj` - project configuration. This includes scripts for compiling and deployment, as well as .NET dependencies & meta-data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `MyProject.csproj` - project configuration. It includes scripts for compiling and deployment, as well as .NET dependencies & metadata.
```

>  - `README.md` - feel free to consult it whenever you feel confused

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `README.md` – Feel free to consult it whenever you feel confused.
```

### Compiling the Program

To compile C# code into pravda binary run:
```
dotnet publish -c Debug
```
Now you have `MyProject.pravda` in your project directory.  
You can use [local node](#Getting-started-with-CLI) and [Pravda CLI commands](https://github.com/expload/pravda/blob/master/doc/ref/cli/pravda-broadcast-deploy.md) to deploy to a local node or proceed further to work with Pravda Testnet.

### Deploying to Testnet

Let us generate a Pravda Wallet:
```bash
pravda gen address -o wallet.json
```
If you already have a Pravda Wallet, move it to project folder and 
rename it to `wallet.json`.  
Go to [Testnet Faucet](https://faucet.dev.expload.com/ui) to get some EXP, as you have to pay for deployment transaction.  
  
Finally, run:
```
dotnet publish -c Release
```
Now your program is on the Testchain!  

> Your project directory includes `program-wallet.json`, which has your program's address.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your project directory includes `program-wallet.json` which has your program address.  
```

> For more information on working with the template, checkout `README.md` in your project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on working with the template, see `README.md` in your project directory.
```
